
List of integrated development environments (IDEs) I found 


1. Visual studio
	Microsoft Visual Studio is a good application development environment on Windows. Microsoft Visual Studio allows 
	the users to create large number of different types of projects which definitely confuses programmers. But on the other
	hand it gives ability to programmers to stick to Microsoft visual studio even if they switch to different project.
	Microsoft Visual Studio is a really upscale IDE used by most professionals for developing applications under Windows.
	
2. Eclipse
	This is the best alternative if you are not a big fan of Microsoft’s Visual Studio. The interface is a lot cleaner
	and concise than Visual Studio and the languages that are possible to use extend past the .Net Framework.
	Besides being the number on way to develop Android applications via the Android SDK, it is fully extensible to
	use languagessuch as Ruby, C, C++ and many many more.

3. Netbeans
	The is the number one alternative to Eclipse. This program is extensible and free, and it compiles code which is a bonus.
	When installing Netbeans it comes with a Java server called GlassFish that you could deploy on your computer for your
	testing environment. This server is the second biggest server for Java next to WebSphere (which is a whole different ball game).

4. Xcode
	Xcode is an integrated development environment (IDE) containing a suite of software development tools developed by Apple for
	developing software for OS X and iOS. First released in 2003, the latest stable release is version 5.0 and is available via the
	Mac App Store free of charge for Mac OS X Lion and OS X Mountain Lion users. Registered developers can download preview releases
	and previous versions of the suite through the Apple Developer website.

5. Code::blocks
	Code::Blocks is an open source full-featured cross-platform C/C++ integrated development environment.
	Compared to Dev-C++ shares based on Delphi C++ IDE, Code::Blocks is an open source software. Code::Blocks is one of the pure
	C++ language development environment, it uses a special GUI library wxWidgets. C++ programmers no longer have to endure the slow
	Eclipse and no longer have to buy high-priced Visual studio.net